{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Thomas Simpson}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww7700\viewh11020\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Photos and explanations:\
\
Introduction:\
While I no longer seek to capture the world through a lens as often and with as much vigor as I did once, I want to share with people what I feel are achievements photographically. It should be noted, no award-winning photography has been included here as with design awards, it is far too numerous and of its own merits.\
\
Photos:\
Abandonment, Revised\
The interior of the building, when filled with the busy lives of those around us, it has the distinction of being a coveted barbecue \'93joint\'94. It stood vacant in a once thriving main street of a small Texas town.\
\
Caterpillars\
I enjoyed the presentation of macro-photographic technique with this image and the small bugs themselves.\
\
Flower in Water\
When you first get into photography it\'92s about volume over quality. That will come in time. I know I had to take this image a dozen times. Something just wasn\'92t right with it, until I got this one. \
\
Gallery Books, Mount Vernon\
I\'92m particularly proud of this image. Aside from coating the film and the photographic paper, I made this image from scratch. I hand wound the film into the canister, set all the lighting, took this single image, took the film back, developed it by hand in a dark room, printed the negative by hand and edited the print by hand. This is a digital scan of the original hand printed negative.\
\
Gone\
They say even with the worst tools and artist will prevail. This is another image that I edited before taking it. Old headstone found in a creek bed in Mount Pleasant, Texas\
\
James Henderson\
I don\'92t normally do portraiture. The natural landscape has too much of a draw. I worked with James for a while in the pipe mills of low-class America. \
\
Long Exposure Branch In Water\
Having access to some pretty dense ND filters I also like to stretch long exposures as far as possible within limits. Shot in a small park with stacked ND filters.\
\
Long Exposure No 1.\
First attempt at a digital long exposure with fill manual controls at my disposal. I enjoy the clouds.\
\
Matthews Sunrise\
Local cemetery in Northeast Texas, manual HDR experiment.\
\
Metal Box, Pond\
I never knew what this box had in it, or what it did, or was for. It remained a mystery even to this day. I enjoy black and white photography. I think it appeals to my logical view of the world.\
\
Mono Chrysanthemum\
Found in a tiny little pot on our old home\'92s front porch, a bunch of chrysanthemums. I worked so long to get the highlights just right as I knew I would take this into a black and white image. I was right, it was worth the time.\
\
\'85 6 more images to tag\'85}